Hi Johan,
Welcome to Google. Your new account comes with access to Google products,  
apps and services.

Confirm your options are right for you

Review and change your privacy and security options.

Confirm  
<https://c.gle/ANiao5r7LzZ7K-1TdcT0xty0Zre-9oV0TDproUmBAh_gWe2Dd8JLzaxNHqOAYj-Ej_LznPrcvN8KnF7Eobb_bkG9WdcU18ly2X4y2xzG2T6Ztvg5XZB_SOemFrKX8SEHoO5IPFDxs7EgX15Tv7qw3la6tDgOCMEVrRGIQdRfWKgoeKUKOYUkCfOgavE2wT0L76Oi4zctmfUw54At_xchgVbOopmrCXAYShdJ5vdwi1AD-eWw4l2RRQ9Rsjd5U_UQ9kIX>

About your Google Account

A Google Account allows you to access a range of Google services, such as  
Gmail and Google Drive. Your account also offers access to some additional  
features that require signing in. For example, when you sign in to Google  
Maps, you can save your "Home" and "Work" addresses. And when you sign in  
to YouTube you can like videos, subscribe to channels, and create your own  
YouTube channel.

Your agreement with Google

The Google Terms of Service  
<https://c.gle/ANiao5pDww_A9x1qCTfnkE5yNTM4KFKzpTUMIEabM9oRuETIBptLHX1ndblUINYgowjBO3dRZTwVxsP1e06zCtRJyLp3MRXieV0XZttt11Y0lQaFs01l-HEM7zJK-t9gBL7eG-YdAGc4iYmL-Ic5JUzTyEsf9e3BANnVHbwCcGlrrddDxsK6CusFUiDaA46skuAflR2C1WXkBDQyQYSnVE2PAouPOyVI5-hPa6MupTDmK8F0Xw>,  
the YouTube Terms of Service  
<https://c.gle/ANiao5reg9M20iqat_5YuvU_b8gVD0hTJexMbzjlmTjoU9JLE1eTJbjxYrwNqh3Azk1BaEBcQC_eUyQpayY--N-5P_Pju0UPz_EY49gVyEVYu16t8fUB2NKAYbL4nvm6wCJqrxmeDr3lXlWt1WTLwdw0O-4f-SZKG8TT_umTGf4xNvJLjg1IXv6oxMi_V2gZFl9XKYAAOl29SkKx-Vk2IfhQgOrZXeFusRmVR8HFbAsLZw5u>,  
and additional terms in this list of services  
<https://c.gle/ANiao5pChlQHrQ6gXaEtHYL2gnR1siVfJmoashVK4lQV4Su_ogarIf7iwtf5aImXuFBGFL_0tihMaSf3K3ZSUQLlo4x0sBsuDdt8sNPbacngHGGgGmpDZNrDKyN-V0lp_7ZqmZW6hRxHF5zuSgZ1Z6fcZtZRr-Ut8kftp66h-m6AkMrgNwtTdEW1q8kv-FxSr7R-UbAU80UChvnu2ZVOAMcybOyj6NuMzjQIUe5j3QPCBxv41VJgJdLw2O0JGay0Qc5uenR1YA>  
help to define the relationship between you and Google. They describe what  
you can expect from using Google services, including YouTube, and what we  
expect from you. Google services are provided by and you have a contract  
with:

Google Ireland Limited
Gordon House, Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
08000201195
support-eu@google.com

Right of withdrawal

If you're a consumer, your contract with Google is by law subject to an  
automatic right of withdrawal for 14 days from the date of the conclusion  
of the contract. To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform us of  
your decision to withdraw from this contract by an unequivocal statement  
(e.g. a letter sent by post or an e-mail). You can find contact details in  
the Google Terms of Service  
<https://c.gle/ANiao5pz2cV7SyLjyxXl_4mpEJ6HPiYGQeXbnSR5U91902b1pOY2GlDaD5U0yJ1Ax6UkQs9WooXFcuYxJBXCKd4Apvr6lLIaA2b6KVbWiRSJ8ClQHLUCSyiKiNPA9GjQ-UvAT0paBNqDX7TR1uiwD5GugCBmQfObc0x9xWpicSESyO-cgx3BYPSQ-p3JoLuiFhDD2DqJM9wWeC_EsukbMPTrZENoKwqG7-pg0QFkRlHSLV7HY1dl>  
or the YouTube Terms of Service  
<https://c.gle/ANiao5p9TbNWphrwHRCC1rshNK1jQ9EAUC6BTewU_eg3ik5YHHhG9_XdLMV53-Fo7ydPylDk_3OPM9XwicGwHZHXktMV-7lhXnbWYhI6E_WQ0YU9flI8tZXriE5pWa5W-0YYhT_QhG48QoSODXlEtb48v8oaSvm75ci4aw5JogOXm_vf2k-CYaJRSpZlF5G5GsS9XHEB8Iybs-L4z2H2QTwWOD5Gk56hnFbyzom87guyVfC56io>.  
You don't need to give a reason for your withdrawal and your withdrawal is  
within the deadline if you send us the withdrawal request before the  
withdrawal period expires.

Replies to this email aren't monitored. If you have a question about your  
new account, the Help Center  
<https://c.gle/ANiao5rv0G31FKGurL2oAKRvP1oGA03zDyFgQW8iWMB-_ufDg5MrhGpywx4xI9Cpj95Tdtldylg-NJf6dLJfz4gvi7T8rkubzsF_pd1lFtPkQ_1oJ93_gwrNoRsvpke6nZt_p8i38zxu0OJ-1zgwADeqcLsOtKbmh8CtqNaUDOYmID9B5M2OyisRM-Blx0BkEoxCkDblyFjKNgZDED8xWVKUmGxWZasQHc9AOnOl>  
likely has the answer you're looking for.

Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
08000201195
support-eu@google.com

This email was sent to you because you created a Google Account.
